readme: add guidance on how to use the tool as a library (#98)
open-contracting/lib-cove-ocds: README.rst

(If none of these are specified, it will not leave any files behind)

Library
-------

> To use this as a python library as part of a python script for validating multiple files or testing, you need to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this as a Python library as part of a Python script for validating multiple files or testing, you need to:
```

1. Install the library with pip:

>    ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. code-block:: bash
```

      pip install libcoveocds

> 2. Use it in your python code, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use it in your Python code, for example:
```

   .. code-block:: python

      import os
      import tempfile

      from libcoveocds.api import ocds_json_output

>       cove_temp_folder = tempfile.mkdtemp(dir=tempfile.gettempdir())
>       jsons_path = 'your-directory-with-json-files'
>       for file_name in os.listdir(jsons_path):
>          json_filename = os.path.join(jsons_path, file_name)
>          results = ocds_json_output(cove_temp_folder, json_filename, convert=False, 
>                                     schema_version="")
>          if not results['validation_errors']:
>             print(f'No validation errors found for {json_filename}')
>          else:
>             # do something if the file has validation errors
>             for error in results['validation_errors']:
>                   print(f'Validation error {error} found in file {json_filename}')

Reviewer: Add newlines for readability. Use clearer variable names. Put positive condition in first branch of if-statement. Fix indentation to be 4-spaces within Python code. Put `data_directory` first, since it needs to be replaced.

```suggestion

      data_directory = 'path/to/your/directory/with/json/files'
      temporary_directory = tempfile.mkdtemp(dir=tempfile.gettempdir())

      for file_name in os.listdir(data_directory):
          file_path = os.path.join(data_directory, file_name)
          result = ocds_json_output(
              temporary_directory,
              file_path,
              schema_version='',
              convert=False
          )

          # Do something with the result. For example:
          if result['validation_errors']:
              for error in result['validation_errors']:
                  print(f'Validation error {error} found in file {file_path}')
          else:
              print(f'No validation errors found for {file_path}')
```
